# HW2
  I thoroughly enjoyed reading this article and I learned a great deal about compute evolution. The main takeaway that I learned from this report is that the compute power that an organization uses should be driven primarily by the application, along with an organization’s maturity in various sectors, such as DevOps. For instance, a large monolithic application with important data persistence requirements that is primarily being developed by a team without much DevOps or Agile development experience would not be a good candidate for serverless functions (FaaS), in which the application run-time itself is virtualized. On the other hand, a team that wants to deploy applications that are cloud-native and with high accessibility requirements that has experience in DevOps practices could containerize this application. This would virtualize the OS and the applications would be the unit of scaling. 
  Connecting this report with the prior report that we discussed at the beginning of the semester, this speaks to the broader theme that applications, business requirements, and development maturity should be the primary factors that determine whether a team utilizes microservices and/or containers. However, many of the major cloud providers are offering products to help “lower the barrier” in order to facilitate teams to use containerized applications. For instance, many major cloud providers offer Kubernetes, a container orchestration tool, as a service, along with containers as a service (CAAS). While this is still an immature and fragmented landscape, it is evident that only more teams will utilize container technology in the future as the technology barriers decrease and the use of cloud-native applications increases.
